[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: I just want to take
a brief moment to mention the landscape of
ES6 is complicated in a sense by
the fact that syntax is not necessarily
directly supported in every single
browser that you may have to support.
Now the good news is
ES6 has been around for
a while it was being prototyped in
browsers all along during the spec process
so many of the browsers that
you support all ready support
most if not all ES 6 certainly
most of what we're covering today.
There are a few obviously,
a few corner in each cases and things.
But [COUGH] if you have to support
mobile or if you have to support
older browsers, an IE11 or
Safari 5 or something like that.
If you have to support those sorts
of browsers, the new syntax we're
talking about like a dot,
dot operator arrow function, whatever.
It's not going to work and
there's no real way to like
gracefully handle that per say.
So the typical strategy which most
of you've probably heard of, but
the typical strategy is what we call trans
piling which is to take the ES6 code that
you would write and to convert it into the
equivalent that would have been in ES5.
So it's kind of like the side by side that
have already been doing, but doing that
automatically for your code and this is a
tool that you would run, this transpilers,
a tool that you'd run in your build
process right alongside your minifier
right alongside the bundler tool that you
use, your Linter any of those other ones.
Any time you do a build process, you would
package up the code in this transpiled
form which means what's getting shipped
out to your users not the code that
you wrote, but
rather the code that's been transpiring.
Now the good news is that bundle of code
will work in all the browsers that you
need to support, cuz they're gonna target
a version of JavaScript that's been
around and standardized and
well-known for five to seven years.
The bad news is that there's a disconnect
now between the code that's running in
the code that you wrote.
And whenever an error happens,
an error actually happens in the code
that you delivered to the browser
not the code that you authored.
So for a while now, we've had a solution
for that, it's called source maps.
Source maps are a special kind of file
that basically is loaded by the developer
tools of your browser on-demand or sent
along with your file if you so choose, but
it tells the browser, okay, whenever you
see an error on line 12 in character 36,
that's actually line 57 character
5 in the original source code.
So, what the developer tool does
is fetch your original code.
The original author in six code and
shows it to you in the browser instead of
showing you the code that
actually created the errors.
So, source maps or
a way to kind of virtually map layer on
top of what's really happening
in a developer tools.
I'd say that's probably
like a 90 to 95% solution.
It's not 100% bulletproof perfect.
It doesn't always catch all the different
nuances and things like that, and
sometimes your transpiler does stuff that
you don't even realize that it's doing.
Sometimes there are tricks that happen and
tricks that they play that you might be
debugging it thinking a certain
set of code ran, and didn't.
So, I just wanted to quickly show you
one of the tools that's most common.
I'd I'd say, probably 98% of people
that do trans piling use a tool called
battle and this is an online form of their
tool that they have obviously a command
line version of the tool.
So I just wanna quickly illustrate with
some of the code that we've already been
talking about and you can see as I type
the ES6 version of it on the left,
you'll see on the right what the ES5
equivalent that we're getting.
So image if we wrote something like
function through that takes an x
with a default value and it also
takes a ...args and all of a sudden,
you see it start to write some other
code that we haven't I had to write and
you see that that code is roughly
equivalent to the kind of
code that we were already talking about.
So you kind of see that,
it's already happening.
So now let's say, we pop,
we call a bar function and
we're gonna pop in another value and
then we're gonna spread out the args and
then we're gonna pop in another value and
pass those along to a bar.
Now bar doesn't exist yet, but
all we have to do is to find one.
And now you see again, all of that extra
logic that really needs to happen and
make sure that stuff's getting copied
over and sort of bullet proof spec,
fully spec compliance stuff that you
would have to be writing yourself.
The reason I show you this is again
to make the illustrative point.
Both of these pieces of code
accomplish the same goal.
In a browser that can read ES6 like my
Chrome can, I could deliver this code or
I could deliver this code.
But it's not so much about
the delivery that we wanna care about,
although the delivery is the practical
thing, like how do I support browsers.
The real question is how have we
been writing code like this for
the last 21 years of JavaScript's history?
And hasn't that code been failing to
properly communicate, because it's so
cluttered up with so many details.
It's so intertwined.
It's so complexed with implementation
details that the actual code underneath
the covers the stuff that we
really want to care about,
the stuff that's over here on the left.
We can't even see that stuff,
cuz it's all mixed up jumbled up
together with these other things.
That's the value of writing ES6.
It's not about shiny new toys.
It's not about saving characters.
It's about making code
that gets out of the way,
all the stuff that doesn't matter, so
we can focus on the stuff that does.
One little note of caution here
when you look at a tool like Babel.
There will be times where you type
in a piece of code into Babel and
then you look at the transpiled output.
Now I fully recommend that you ought
to do that, you ought to go and
look and understand things or
whatever, but
take it as a guide not as a spec
compliant one to one mapping.
Because what Babel is doing is a very
sophisticated set of analysis on top of
your code and they're taking
the shortest path to getting
just your code to operate
correctly in an older environment.
They're not necessarily adding in
all of the spec compliant details.
Because if they can figure out that you
don't need a spec compliant detail,
they leave it out.
So they do all kinds of analysis to take
the shortest path and do optimizations,
and tree shaking to eliminate dead code.
All kinds of crazy things that they
do in their outputted code that
is not necessarily the same equivalent
as what you might write, if you were
trying to write spec compliment
equivalents of your own ES6 code.
Now, I regularly get people.
Once a month or twice a month,
I'll get somebody that will email me or
tweet me in the be like hey, you said
this thing on one of your workshop where
does this and Babel says different.
[LAUGH] You must be wrong.
The fact of the matter is that Babel's
not tasked with producing compliant
code from a spec perspective.
Babel's tasked with producing
code that behaves correctly and
as performantly as possible,
that's what we want out of a tool.
We wouldn't want a tool
that produced crappy code.
We want it to produce the best
possible code that it could.
So while it's informative to look at those
differences, don't necessarily take that
as your official education
on how ES6 equivalents work,
because they're doing a lot of analysis
that you normally wouldn't do and
a lot of new ones that we don't
even cover in our discussions.
Does that make sense?
So, that's Babel I fully recommend
that you look into that tool.
Start using that,
because what I'm teaching you about ES6,
I want you to start using today.
I want you to go back in and there's low
hanging fruit simple stuff like dropping
in the dot, dot, dot operator and dropping
in a default value here and there.
You don't have to completely remake
your entire code base from scratch with
arrow functions and proxies, and
all of that other crazy stuff
to get value out of the ES6.
You can take small little parts and
convert one idiom at a time,
one declarative form at a time.